README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Add README draft and .env.example

README.md, after:

# The Shoppies Awards

The Shoppies Awards is a challenge project completed for the Fall 2021 Shopify UX & Web Development Internship. It is a single-page responsive web application that allows users to search for movies and nominate them to Shopify's new movie award show: The Shoppies.

## Project Stack

**Front-End**: TypeScript, React, HTML, SASS, Axios, Material UI  
**Back-End**: Node.js  
**API**: [OMDb - The Open Movie Database](http://www.omdbapi.com)

## Final Product

## Project Features

## Dependencies

- Axios
- Classnames
- Material UI
- Node-sass
- React
- React-dom
- React-scripts
- Typescript
- Web-vitals

## Getting Started

_Note: This project requires an OMDb API key. Please visit http://www.omdbapi.com/apikey.aspx for more information._

1. Fork this repository, and clone your fork of the repository.

2. Install dependencies with command: `npm install`

3. Create a `.env` file using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`

4. Insert OMDb API key into `.env` file

5. Once all dependencies are installed, run `npm start` to start the server

6. In your browser, go to `localhost:3000`

7. Nominate away!
